# Gamers Hate Nvidia's DLSS 5. Developers Aren’t Crazy About It, Either - WIRED

*Satirical Commentary | Original story from Unknown*

Gamers Hatate Nvidia’s DLS S 5. Developers Want it Dead, Too - WIRED



The most recent news is that DLS S 5 is not only not dead, but has actually become popular among developers. Developers love DLS S 5 because it provides a huge performance boost without breaking the bank. (And the bank is not a metaphor.) Developers are now pushing for DLS S 5 to be fully supported by Nvidia, and even asking for DLS S 5 to be the default game setting for future games. (We’re not kidding.) Nvidia’s response? “We are not making DLS S 5 the default game setting for future games. Nvidia doesn’t have the resources to support every game out there. The company is already pushing for games that will require DLS S 5.” Nvidia is also pushing for the game developers to stop using the term “DLS S 5.” “We are not saying that you can’t use the term, but we are saying that if you do, please use it in the context of ‘DLS S 5 was the best choice for your game’.” The article also explains that DLS S 5 is only available for Windows 10. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will be available on Linux and macOS, but the article notes that Nvidia has yet to provide any information on when or if DLS S 5 will be available on those platforms. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 is more powerful than any other GPU on the market, but the article notes that DLS S 5 is still less powerful than AMD Radeon RX 480. The article also notes that DLS S 5 will have a price tag that is lower than Nvidia’s existing GPUs. Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will be the cheapest GPU available, but the article notes that DLS S 5 will still be more expensive than RX 480. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will have better graphics than any other graphics card in the market right now. The article notes that DLS S 5 will have better graphics than all of the high-end GPUs on the market right now, including AMD Radeon RX 480. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will have better performance than Nvidia RTX 2060 or RTX 2070. The article notes that DLS S 5 will have better performance than Nvidia RTX 2060 or RTX 2070, but Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will have better performance than AMD Radeon RX 580 or RX 590. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than all other graphics cards on the market right now. The article notes that DLS S 5 will be faster than all other graphics cards on the market right now, but Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than RX 580 or RX 590. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than RTX 2070 or RTX 2080. The article notes that DLS S 5 will be faster than RTX 2070 or RTX 2080, but Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than AMD Radeon RX 590. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will have better performance than RTX 2070 or RTX 2080. The article notes that DLS S 5 will have better performance than RTX 2070 or RTX 2080, but Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will have better performance than RX 590 or RX 580. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than RTX 2080 or RTX 2080 Ti. The article notes that DLS S 5 will be faster than RTX 2080 or RTX 2080 Ti, but Nvidia claims that DLS S 5 will be faster than Radeon RX 590 or Radeon RX 580. Nvidia also claims that DLS S 5 will have better performance than Radeon RX 580 or Radeon RX 590. The article notes that DLS S 5 will have better performance than Radeon RX 580 or Radeon RX 590, but Nvidia claims that D

---

**📰 Source & Attribution**  
Original article: [Unknown](https://www.wired.com/story/gamers-hate-nvidia-dlss-5-developers-arent-crazy-about-it-either/)  
Topics:   
Generated: 2026-03-22 21:39 UTC

*This is a satirical/sarcastic commentary based on real news from Unknown. All facts are attributed to the original source. This content is for entertainment and commentary purposes.*
