# Teresa Guidice's Full Face Transformation Is Wild To See - glam.com

*Satirical Commentary | Original story from Unknown*

It was a hot day in Rome, and Teresa Giudice, the mayor of the city, was taking a much-needed break from her public duties. As she strolled through the streets, she saw a group of hippies playing a game of soccer. "Hmm, I wonder if they were playing a soccer game to win a prize," thought Giudice, "What a perfect time to have some fun." Giudice decided to join the group and play with them. As she was setting up her goalposts, she suddenly felt a sudden thump in her chest. "Oh no!" she said, "I think I'm having a heart attack!" Giudice quickly realized that she was in fact, the mayor of Rome, and she was having a heart attack! "I'm terrified," she thought, "This is a real disaster. I'm going to have to call an ambulance!" Giudice started to run, but suddenly, she realized that she was too late. The hippies had already won the game by scoring a goal and winning the prize. "Oh my God, I'm really having a heart attack!" Giudice thought, "This is the most catastrophic disaster ever. I'm going to die!" As Giudice was passing out, she noticed a group of men with guns. "Hey, guys," she said, "I need help. My heart is failing me." One of the men stepped forward and said, "We're from the National Guard. We're here to help you." Giudice was amazed by these men with guns. "Thank you, thank you so much," she said, "You guys are heroes." Butterfly, a hippie, was also with her. "Excuse me," he said, "Butterfly's heart is failing. Can you guys help us?" Butterfly's heart was beating faster and faster as he talked. "I can't do this anymore," he said, "I'm going to die." "No problem," said Giudice, "We'll get you to a hospital." Butterfly was looking down at his heart. "Oh no," he thought, "This is not going to be easy." Giudice took a deep breath, and started to run again. This time, she was a little more careful. She saw a group of people with sticks and rocks, and she realized she needed to make a run for it. "Hey, guys!" she said, "I need your help. My heart is failing me." As the group saw Giudice running, they all followed. "Come on, come on," said Butterfly, "We'll get you to a hospital." Giudice ran as fast as she could, but she was running out of time. "Ow, ow, ow," she thought, "This is so tough." Giudice finally reached the hospital, but she was too weak to go inside. "Goodbye, Teresa," said the doctor, "You're having a heart attack. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please

---

**📰 Source & Attribution**  
Original article: [Unknown](https://www.glam.com/2133223/teresa-guidice-full-face-transformation-jarring/)  
Topics:   
Generated: 2026-04-07 10:15 UTC

*This is a satirical/sarcastic commentary based on real news from Unknown. All facts are attributed to the original source. This content is for entertainment and commentary purposes.*
